DOCS-1775: Add how to upload data instructions (#2559)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/program/apis/data-client.md

## Establish a connection

> To use the Viam data client API, you first need to instantiate a [`ViamClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/viam_client/index.html#viam.app.viam_client.ViamClient) and then instantiate a [`DataClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient).

Reviewer: I think this sentence also needs to include the need for an API key and API key idea, since the next sentence tells us how to create one, but not why we need one. It becomes evident later why, but let's state it directly before we talk about getting it, maybe something like:

```suggestion
To use the Viam data client API, you first need to instantiate a [`ViamClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/viam_client/index.html#viam.app.viam_client.ViamClient) and then instantiate a [`DataClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient).

You will also need an API key and API key ID to authenticate your session.
To create a new API key, you have ... etc
```

Author: ```suggestion
To use the Viam data client API, you first need to instantiate a [`ViamClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/viam_client/index.html#viam.app.viam_client.ViamClient) and then instantiate a [`DataClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient).

You will also need an API key and API key ID to authenticate your session.
To get an API key and ID, you have two options:
```

See the following example for reference.

To get an API key and API key ID to authenticate, you have two options:

> - [Get an API key](/fleet/rbac/#add-an-api-key) from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com), or
> - use the Viam CLI [to generate an API key](/fleet/cli/#authenticate).

Reviewer: Nit: Ideally, let's use link title text that is itself a complete task (noun + verb). Especially helpful to differentiate between two similar options placed next to each other. What do you think of something like:

```suggestion
- [Create an API key using the Viam app](/fleet/rbac/#add-an-api-key)
- [Create an API key using the Viam CLI](/fleet/cli/#create-an-organization-api-key)
```

Since the first link directs us to the Viam app as part of _its_ guidance, I think having the Viam app link here might confuse, since there's no context to where in the App to go, what to click, like there is in the linked `rbac` resource. Also, one link per conceptual task option helps to keep choices straightforward.

Author: Great points. Applying your suggestion ty.

## Establish a connection

To use the Viam data client API, you first need to instantiate a [`ViamClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/viam_client/index.html#viam.app.viam_client.ViamClient) and then instantiate a [`DataClient`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/data_client/index.html#viam.app.data_client.DataClient).

You will also need an API key and API key ID to authenticate your session.
To get an API key (and corresponding ID), you have two options:
See the following example for reference.

To get an API key and API key ID to authenticate, you have two options:

> - [Create an API key using the Viam app](/fleet/rbac/#add-an-api-key)

Reviewer 2: that's a good change - thanks!
